Politica de Privacidad
Nuestras Aplicaciones android Publicadas en Google Play contiene un componente declarado en Android Manifest Permission llamado android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE  (Allows read only access to phone state, including the phone number of the device, current cellular network information, the status of any ongoing calls, and a list of any PhoneAccounts registered on the device.) el cualse relaciona a las politicas de Informacion Personal y Sensible de Google Play.

Por este medio damos Fé que nuestras Aplicaciones no guarda, espía, vende o difunde datos del telefono que contenga alguna de nuestras Apps Instaladas.

Estos elementos (android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE) son escenciales para el correcto funcionamiento de las aplicaciones que realizan funcion de Radio/Streaming y trabajar en segundo plano. Permitiendo asi poner STOP el audio/musica que suena en la App al entrar una llamada y poder atenderla correctamente.

Camaron Hosting, no almacena, ni difunde datos del usuario a los cuales tampoco tiene acceso alguno a la informacion.
Damos por este medio Nuestra Práctica de Buena Fé en nuestras Aplicaciones Android.

Privacy Policy
Our Published Android Apps on Google Play contains a component declared in Android Manifest Permission called android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE (Allows to read only access to phone state, including the phone number of the device, current cellular network information, the status of any ongoing calls, And a list of any PhoneAccounts registered on the device.) Which relates to the Google Play Personal and Sensitive Information policies.

By this means we give Faith that our Applications does not save, spy, or disseminate data of the phone that contains any of our Apps.

These elements (android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE) are essential for the correct functioning of applications that perform Radio / Streaming function and work in the background. Thus allowing STOP the audio / music that sounds in the App when entering a call and able to attend it correctly.

Camaron Hosting, does not store or disseminate user data to which it also has no access to the information.

We hereby hereby endorse our Good Faith Practice in our Android Applications.
